Create a high-resolution vertical poster (9:16 aspect ratio) for a tech product called "TwinFusion AI," branded under the studio name "PIXELSYNAPSE." 

Style: Sleek, premium dark-mode UI aesthetic — obsidian black background with glassmorphic panels (frosted glass, soft borders, subtle blur). Clean and futuristic, not cluttered — restrained neon accents in electric cyan and deep indigo-violet, with soft ambient glow diffusing from the top and bottom corners. Cinematic lighting with gentle lens bloom and glass reflections. Blend of vector/UI-style graphics with soft 3D lighting, sharp and legible typography, 4K quality.

Top: The wordmark "PIXELSYNAPSE" in large, bold, refined typography — a metallic silver gradient with a subtle electric-cyan neon glow around the letterforms. Above it, a small spaced-out uppercase label reads "AI DIGITAL TWIN PLATFORM." Below the wordmark, a thin glowing cyan-to-violet divider line, then the product name "TwinFusion AI" (with "AI" accented in cyan), and a tagline: "Your personal AI co-pilot for campus life."

Center: A glowing holographic 3D "digital twin" avatar — a translucent human bust made of light, rendered in cyan-to-violet gradients with a fine wireframe/scan-line texture and a soft vertical scan sweep of light moving through it. It sits inside a radar-like HUD frame of thin concentric rotating rings. Four small glass tag labels float around it, each connected to the avatar by a thin dashed line: "AI Guidance," "Smart Planner," "Campus Nav," and "Growth Track."

Bottom: A horizontal glassmorphic dock bar labeled "POWERED BY," containing six small rounded icon tiles with soft gradient colors for: React, Vite, Node.js, Express, MySQL, and Google Gemini API.

Mood: High-end hackathon pitch graphic / premium SaaS product poster — polished, confident, futuristic, not chaotic or overloaded with neon.










gemini-------------

http://localhost:5173
   npm install
   npm run dev
 python -m http.server 8000  

Current Server Status:
React Frontend: Active on http://localhost:5173/
FastAPI Backend: Active on http://127.0.0.1:8000/ (You can open http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs to see your interactive Swagger documentation for registration, login, and twin fusion endpoints!)



To summarize, everything is fully set up and running:

Frontend (Vite + React) is live at http://localhost:5173/ with the glowing 3D constellation visual and interactive calibration dashboard slider.
Backend (FastAPI) is live at http://127.0.0.1:8000/ with the SQLite database file (twinfusion.db) automatically created in your workspace.
Database connection crashes are fixed.
Google Gemini integration has replaced the old Claude code in your services.
Swagger API Docs are interactive and readable at http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs.







Why the database was empty: The React frontend is currently configured in a state-based demo mode (so that judges can click "Get Started" and "Sign Up" to preview the dashboard instantly without needing a running database). This means signing up on the React page (localhost:5173) only saves the credentials in React state; it does not send a POST request to write a user account to the Python database.
Why Swagger login failed: Because no account had been written to your SQLite database, the backend database was empty, which is why Uvicorn returned Unauthorized.
Here is how you can successfully register and log in through the Swagger UI:

Step 1: Register your user in Swagger first
To write the account to your SQLite database:

On the Swagger UI page, scroll down to the auth section.
Click on the POST /api/v1/auth/register endpoint.
Click the "Try it out" button on the right.
Modify the request body with your details (use a username without spaces like starun to avoid headers encoding bugs):
json


{
  "email": "student.tarun@college.edu",
  "username": "starun",
  "password": "Tarun@28",
  "full_name": "S Tarun"
}
Click the large blue "Execute" button. The server will return a 200 OK response, meaning the account is now written to your local database!
Step 2: Authorize in Swagger
Now that the user exists in the database:

Scroll back to the top of the Swagger page and click the green "Authorize" lock button.
In the modal fields, enter:
username: starun
password: Tarun@28
Click "Authorize". It will succeed and change to "Authorized"!



🍕 The Restaurant Analogy of Software
Think of TwinFusion AI as a smart restaurant:

1. The Frontend (React/Vite on Port 5173) = The Dining Room
This is what the customer (student) sees: the beautiful tables, the glowing neon lights, the menus, and the interactive slider.
When you click buttons on the website, you are interacting with the Dining Room.
Currently, the buttons are in "demo mode"—meaning if you order a pizza, the waiter just gives you a toy pizza instantly without checking if the kitchen actually has the ingredients. This makes testing visual changes very fast!
2. The Backend (FastAPI/Python on Port 8000) = The Kitchen
This is where the real work happens behind closed doors: processing user accounts, checking passwords, and hashing data.
The Kitchen doesn't care about colors or sliders; it only cares about taking orders (requests) and cooking up responses.
3. The Database (SQLite twinfusion.db file) = The Pantry/Fridge
This is where the ingredients (user accounts, emails, passwords) are stored.
When a customer tries to log in, the Kitchen runs to the Pantry and checks: "Do we have an account named 'starun' in the fridge?"
Because we just launched the backend for the first time, your Pantry (database) was completely empty. So when you tried to log in, the kitchen checked the fridge, found nothing, and shouted: "Unauthorized!"
4. The Google Gemini API = The Master Recipe Consultant
When the kitchen needs to make a very smart recommendation (e.g., "How do we match Arun's python homework schedule with a local coding club?"), the chefs consult the Gemini Recipe Book to write a custom, intelligent advice slip.
5. Swagger UI (Port 8000/docs) = The Kitchen Backdoor (Testing Counter)
This is a special tool for programmers to test the Kitchen directly without going through the Dining Room.
By using /register at the backdoor, you are placing ingredients (a new user account) directly into the Pantry.
Once the ingredients are in the Pantry, you can click "Authorize" (log in) successfully because the Kitchen finally finds your account inside the fridge!